One last thing regarding the Smart Contracts and truffle is deploy contracts.
So at some point,
you will not want to use the test and you will want to deploy the code,
so that the addresses of the contracts don't keep changing on you.
Every time you run the truffle test,
all the addresses are going to change,
and so it makes testing very hard.
So the deployment script that's here,
is doing a bit of work to make your life easier.
First of all, it's going to deploy the contracts,
but these two lines,
there kind of helper lines,
you may not necessarily need them because there's other ways to do it,
but they're here because it ensures that
every time you migrate your contracts to the blockchain,
the client dapp and the server dapp have the current addresses of the contracts.
So what this is doing is generating a config.json file which I'll go into now.
You can see here, that it's giving you the URL,
it's giving you the data address,
and the app address for the two contracts as they are deployed.
So you'll find this to be a useful addition once your post using truffle testing and
need to get into the client and server development.
So the way to trigger that,
is to do truffle migrate.
You may be already familiar with this,
but it's helpful to see a truffle 5.0 if you haven't done it with 5.0,
it gives a really good output here.
So what it did is essentially tell us that our contracts are deployed,
and in doing that,
it created this file.
In fact, let me just do that. I'll go ahead and delete this file and also delete
the one in the server folder to make sure that that code is working as designed.
So if I migrate again,
we should see those files being generated with
the correct addresses, and it worked.
So we've got the latest,
greatest address right in there.
So that's a good segue way to our dapp.